bazenArborMetrixAssessment
======================
ArborMetrix Sr. Java Developer Assessment for Jason Bazen.  Spring Boot project shell generated by Spring Initializr.  This project is located on GitHub at https://github.com/jbazen/bazenArborMetrixAssessment.

## Description
A Java 8 Spring Boot application using Spring MVC, Spring REST, Jackson, JAXB2, Orika, & Joda Time built with Maven. This application takes an XML file & transforms it into JSON.  There are 2 use cases handled by this application:

- The user can provide the path to the XML file with command line parameters when launching the Spring Boot application.
  - In this case the contents of the XML file will be written to output
  - The file will be converted to JSON (having slightly different field names & data values in some cases), the resulting JSON will be written to output, & the resulting JSON will also be written to a file called "patients.json" at the project root.

- The user can HTTP POST the raw XML to http://localhost:8080/xmlToJson with MIME type application/xml
  - In this case the contents of the XML file will be written to output
  - The file will be converted to JSON (having slightly different field names & data values in some cases), the resulting JSON will be written to output, the resulting JSON will also be written to a file called "patients.json" at the project root, & the resulting JSON will be returned from the REST call.

## Building
All build artifacts including JAR file are already created in the target directory.  To build the project again, navigate to the bazenArborMetrixAssessment root directory in a command line shell & execute the following:

```
mvn package
```

## Usage Instructions
**1) COMMAND LINE USAGE**
With the project built & the resulting JAR file located in the project's target directory, navigate to the bazenArborMetrixAssessment project root directory in a command line shell and execute the following (the command line argument "C:\\dev\\bazenArborMetrixAssessment\\patients.xml" should be replaced with the fully qualified filename of the XML file to be converted to JSON):

```
java -jar target/bazenArborMetrixAssessment-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar C:\\dev\\bazenArborMetrixAssessment\\patients.xml
```

If no command line argument is supplied the "patients.xml" file located at the bazenArborMetrixAssessment project root will be converted to JSON.

The contents of the XML file input will be displayed in the application log written to console.  Once the file is converted to JSON, the resulting JSON will also be displayed in the log.  A file called "patients.json" will also be created with the resulting JSON.  This file will be located at the bazenArborMetrixAssessment project root.

**2) REST ENDPOINT USAGE**
There is also a REST endpoint exposed to accept raw XML, convert it to JSON, & return the resulting JSON from the REST endpoint.  If the application hasn't been started already, start the application by navigating to the bazenArborMetrixAssessment project root directory in a command line shell and execute the following:

```
java -jar target/bazenArborMetrixAssessment-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

Using a REST client such as Postman, perform an HTTP POST to http://localhost:8080/xmlToJson with the XML pasted in the payload in Raw format.  Also be sure to select a MIME type of "application/xml".  Again the input XML & resulting JSON will be output to the application log, & a file called patients.json with the resulting JSON will be created at the project root.  Also the result of the JSON conversion will be returned from the REST endpoint with a MIME type of "application/json".
